Avocados are a fruit, not a vegetable.
The Eiffel Tower can be 15 cm taller during the summer,
Trypophobia is the fear of closely-packed holes.
Australia is wider than the moon.
'Mellifluous' is a sound that is pleasingly smooth and musical to hear.
The Spice Girls were originally a band called Touch.
Human teeth are the only part of the body that cannot heal themselves.
It's illegal to own just one guinea pig in Switzerland.
The Ancient Romans used to drop a piece of toast into their wine for good health -
The heart of a shrimp is located in its head
Amy Poehler was only seven years older than Rachel McAdams when she took on the role of "cool mom" in Mean Girls.
People are more creative in the shower.
Baby rabbits are called kits.
The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland.
The first airplane flew on December 17, 1903.
Venus is the only planet to spin clockwise.
Nutmeg is a hallucinogen.
A 73-year-old bottle of French Burgundy became the most expensive bottle of wine ever sold at auction in 2018,
Competetive art used to be an Olympic sport.
A chef's hat has 100 pleats.
In 2014, there was a Tinder match in Antarctica.
The Spanish national anthem has no words.
The Japanese word 'Kuchi zamishi' is the act of eating when you're not hungry because your mouth is lonely.
The probability of a blue lobster
There’s only one letter that doesn’t appear in any American state name.
Louboutins' iconic red soles were inspired by Andy Warhol.
A book called 'A la recherche du temps perdu'
Google images was literally created after Jennifer Lopez wore that infamous dress at the 2000 Grammys.
Big Ben's clock stopped at 10:07 p.m. on 27 May 2005,
Walt Disney currently holds the most Academy Awards.
There's a fruit that tastes like chocolate pudding.
Queen Elizabeth II is a trained mechanic.
The Easter Island heads have bodies.
M&Ms are named after the businessmen who created them.
Pigeons can tell the difference between Picasso and Monet.
The real name for a hashtag is an octothorpe.
The actors who voiced Mickey and Minnie mouse got married in real life.
You can hear a blue whale's heartbeat from over 2 miles away.
The last letter added to the English alphabet was 'J'.
There is actually a word for someone giving an opinion on something they know nothing about.
The Chupa Chups
Ketchup was once sold as medicine
