Wadaan--Prosperous, A boy destined to be wealthy and prosperous
Waniya--Gift of Allah swt, Pearl
Wamika--Goddess Durga, An epithet of the Goddess Durga, Situated on the left side of vam, I.e. Shiva, Goddess Durga
Waris--Heir, Inheritor, Successor, Arabic term for successor.
Wajih--Noble, Honored, Well-esteem, Notable, Eminent, Prominent
Wyatt--The little warrior, The little warrior
Wasif--Full of qualities, Expansionist, Vast, Spacious, Man of qualities
Waleed--New-born child, A newborn baby or of tender age.
Wasim--Graceful, Good looking, Handsome, Honest, Good Looking, A variant spelling is Waseem
Warda--Guardian, Protector, Pashto term for rose
Wasiya--One who is gracious, patient, and powerful.
Wajia--Melody, A beautiful melody
Wadaana--Prosperous, A girl destined to be wealthy and prosperous
Wolf--One from the wooded meadow, One from the wooded meadow
Wildan--Boy in heaven
Waheeda--Unique, Singular, Exclusive, Unique, Singular, Sole, Exclusive, Beautiful, A variant spelling is Wahida
Waaiz--Preacher, or advisor, Preacher, or advisor
Waheed--Single, Exclusively, Unequalled, Unique, One of its kind, Peerless, Unique, Singular, Exclusively, Unequalled, Peerless, A variant spelling is Wahid
Waiz--Admonisher, Preacher
Wadd--One of the five idols worshiped by Noah's people., One of the five idols worshiped by Noah's people.
Wasey--Capacious, Wide, Ample, One, Broad-minded, Liberal, Learn, All embracing
Wasimjit--Graceful victory
Wali--Governor, Protector
Wahb--To give, To donate, Giving
Wafiq--Successful, One who is victorious, Successful, Triumphant, A variant spelling is Wafic
Warith--An heir, A master, A Lord, Supreme inheritor
Wallad--Abu al-abbas al-tamimi had this name. a grammarian of Basrah and egypt
Wedant--The scriptures, Vedic method of self realization, Knower of the Vedas, Theology, Absolute truth, Hindu philosophy or ultimate wisdom, King of all, Knower of the Vedas, One who knows all the vedas.
Wafaa--The faithful, Loyal, Faithfulness
Wad--Love
Winda--Chasing for food.
Wania--Gift of Allah swt, Pearl
Wajeeh--Noble, Honored, Well-esteem
Wahida--Unique, Singular, Exclusive
Whan--Enlargement
Wajihah--High, Eminent, Distinguished, Eminent, Distinguished, Famous, Respected, Renowned
Wasil--Considerate, Inseparable friend
Wadi--Calm, Peaceful
Warizah--Happiness, Bubbly
Waaliyah--Friend, Governor
Walita--Duty
Waruhiu--One who always bears a weapon., One who always bears a weapon.
Wakib--One who walks at a gentle pace
Wahid--Single, Exclusively, Unequalled, Unique, One of its kind, Peerless
Wafiqah--Successful, Successful, Triumphant, Victorious, A variant spelling is Wafeeqah
Wafia--Faithful, Loyal
Wajiha--High, Eminent, Distinguished
Wagma--Morning breeze, Dew, Breeze accompanied with a pleasant smell
Wasimuddin--Handsome person
Wichar--Reflection on God)
Winta--Desire
Wachiru--Son of a judge, Son of a judge
Wareesha--Happiness
Waddia--Amicable, Friendly
Wisam--Badge, Logo, Like coat of arms
Wahibah--One who gives, Giver, Donor, Giver, donor
Waiyaki--Famous leader of the Agikuyu., Famous leader of the Agikuyu.
Warisa--Heiress
Wajeed--Finder, Lover, Loving
Wasilah--Bin al-asqa ra had this name
Waafiyah--Faithful, Loyal
Wasifah--Female servant of God, One who describes, One who describes.
Waitherero--The better one.
Wahab--Kind hearted
Waseema--Beautiful, Pretty, Charming, Graceful
Wadida--Attached, Devoted, Friendly, One who is loving, and affectionate.
Wardah--Rose
Wahdan--Unique
Wajeeda--One who is noble, Achiever, Excited, Finder
Wasima--Beautiful, Pretty, Charming, Graceful
Wallada--Prolific, Fertile, Fruitful
Wafiyah--Faithful, Loyal
Wasila--Inseparable friend
Wasia--Full of qualities, Expansionist, Vast, Spacious, Man of qualities
Wiremu--Maori form of William. It means protection or helmet., Maori form of William. It means protection or helmet.
Wasimah--Comely, Graceful, Pretty
Warid--Messenger, Partner, Cloud
Wahidah--Unique, Singular, Exclusive, Unique, Singular, Sole, Exclusive, Beautiful, A variant spelling is Waheeda
Walden--Mighty, Mighty
Walihah--Name of a poetess
Wafiza--Fresh air
Warqah--Petal of a flower
Walidah--Newborn child, Newborn
Wadim--Romanian form of Vadim, probably meaning knowing one., Romanian form of Vadim, probably meaning knowing one.
Waqas--Warrior
Wasifa--Praiser
Wasaki--The Enemy, The Enemy
Wafic--Lebanese - Arbitrator; Successful; Triumphant; Possible variant of Wafiq, Lebanese - Arbitrator, Successful, Triumphant, Possible variant of Wafiq
Wendell--A wend, A wend
Wadad--Love, Friendship
Wrashmin--Silken
Wadiyah--Valley
Waleeya--Supporter, caretaker, companion.
Wisama--Beauty, attractiveness.
Wasimbir--Handsome and brave
Waiya--Guardian, Watch guard
Wajee--Happy, Jolly, Pleasant
Waddah--Bright, Brilliant
Wajeeha--High, Eminent, Distinguished
Wamai--The one who came from the water., The one who came from the water.
